Hey Brian, hey YouTube.
Hey.
Everyone out there, thanks for being here.
Let's go ahead and kick it off, huh?
Yeah, let's kick it off.
Hello and welcome to Python Bytes, where we deliver
Python news and headlines directly to your
earbuds. This is episode 312,
recorded November
29th, 2022.
I'm Michael Kennedy.
And I'm Brian Okken.
And this episode is brought to you by the Compiler Podcast
from Red Hat.
So thanks to them for supporting the show.
And the dog bark in the background may result
in a quick pause, we shall see.
(dog barking)
Yes, hold on.
Of course, they'll be gone in one second.
But yeah, so thanks everyone for being here
in the live stream and yeah, we'll skip the dog
in a second, but I don't think I can make her be calm.
In a reasonable way without just waiting.
So Brian, how you doing?
- I'm good.
- We had the gray shirt, the blue shirt episode.
Maybe the show title for this one
will be the gray shirt episode.
- Yeah, yours is kind of a gray purpley.
- Yeah.
- Is it just gray?
- I think it's more of the camera.
All right, I think we can resume safely.
- Okay. - Shall we?
- Yeah, sure. - All right.
Yeah, so this episode is brought to you
by the Compiler Podcast from Red Hat.
Check them out, really appreciate them supporting the show.
Brian, we got a lot to cover today.
You wanna just jump right into it?
- Yeah, let's just go run with it.
Did we do the hello and welcome thing already?
- Yes, we did.
- Okay. - We did, see?
- Awesome, forgetting.
Okay, well, let's talk about,
What I wanna talk about is Simon Willison.
This is incredible.
So Simon did a talk at DjangoCon 2022,
and then he wrote up the,
wrote up with the slides and everything,
and we're gonna link to his blog.
His blog title is "Coping Strategies
for the Serial Project Hoarder."
And then the talk title was
"Massively Increase Your Productivity on Personal Projects
with Comprehensive Documentation and Automated Tests."
Yes, that's a mouthful, but really,
I don't know what a good name for this is
other than everybody that works with development
needs to watch this talk because it's incredible.
So he goes through a lot of stuff.
I'm gonna go through,
luckily he's got screenshots on here,
but he starts out, so this is important,
not just for open source projects or personal projects.
This is also for if you're working in a company,
I think this is equally true.
So he talks about how he got these techniques
from working at, now I'm gonna forget where he worked,
but yeah, it's gone, a large company
with multiple continents, and it was helpful
to do this model.
So what is he talking about?
So one of the things he talks about is the perfect commit.
So we don't really, as a professional software developer,
you're not really doing new code all the time.
What you're doing is maintaining existing software.
So the commit is your unit of work.
And a perfect commit includes the implementation of whatever you've done,
but it also has tests and documentation and a link to the issue thread.
And this seems like a lot to me, but walking through his talk, it totally makes sense.
So he gives an example of one of his
with some cool highlights that he's got documentation
changes also, and the documentation might just be
a single line change or something.
But the tests, he does pause here and say,
"Tests are hard for some people, some developers."
So it's important to get a working test framework
in place quickly so that a test developer
isn't starting from scratch.
They're just, or a software developer
when they're writing tests, it's just,
it's not like comprehensive testing has to be there,
but it is a test that passes when your change is there
and fails when it's not there
or fails when it's not working.
That's enough.
You can do more thorough testing,
but that's enough to get us started.
And I think that's a good way to think about it.
- But he goes, talks about,
has, he throws in this little cool thing of like,
just keep common types of projects that you're,
you have around as cookie cutters in your own,
in your own GitHub area.
He's got a Python library and a click app
and a dataset plugin for him.
I might have different things like a pytest plugin
or something.
And that way you can just keep up with your best practices,
what you think of as best practices in one place.
This is a cool idea.
Totally gonna steal this.
I've done that for myself as well.
I've built like a, this predated cookie cutter,
but I built this thing, like,
I always want to have logging and I want it like this.
I always want to, you know, connect to this other service
and like ping it to make sure that the thing is alive
or whatever, whatever thing we decided for monitoring
inside of our, the company I worked at.
And like all the new projects would just start that way.
And it was so nice.
Cause you didn't like,
ah, is it really worth doing the thing
to make sure that we can monitor it sometime?
Like you just run the one command line thing
and it's there, right?
We could give it to an intern
and they could run it to start their projects.
It was great.
- And then he's got like this thing
that supposedly with a GitHub hook,
and I'm gonna have to dig into this more
'cause I didn't quite understand how this works,
but he's got a way within the GitHub interface
to say I want a new project
and it automatically like gives you the choices
of what kind of project
and then fills out all the defaults from the start
instead of just getting the readme like normally.
So this is kind of neat.
And I guess I want to try figuring this out.
The documentation bit,
at least one of the things about including this,
even if it's difficult,
you can have this be part of the code review requirements.
So don't accept a code review
until the documentation is there also.
So this is a cool idea.
And then it's the bonus trick of testing documentation,
which is a cool idea.
And then the links to the issue,
and I thought this was just sort of a,
yes, you should do this,
but this is really the meat of the talk
is him doing his entire thought process
in the issue thread.
And he even gives examples where there's sometimes
like up to 50, 60 comments,
and it's just him talking to himself,
but this is brilliant.
And I'm not gonna convince you as much as he is,
but it includes screenshots and dead ends,
like I tried this thing and it didn't work
and we're gonna go back and do this other thing.
This is in, he calls it temporal documentation
and I just love this idea.
And I'm gonna try to follow this myself
because I have like a memory issue.
I write stuff down and then I forget where I wrote it down.
And this way he says, you don't have to remember anything.
You just dump it there.
And that way, let's say you get pulled off of a project
and you don't get back to it for like six months
'cause you've been fighting fires and doing other stuff.
And then you get back to it,
you won't remember where you're at.
And with this line of thinking,
of keeping all of your thinking in the issue thread,
you can just jump in and go, oh, that's where I was
and get started pretty quickly.
I love this, it's cool.
So then the rest of the talk is pretty interesting too,
talking about how like, you know,
scientists been doing this and other engineers
have been doing this for a long time.
They called them lab notebooks before,
and we kind of got out of the habit
of doing that with software.
But anyway, lots of great techniques,
and I think this is just how to be
a professional software developer now, so.
- I love that it's like a casual conversation
and not like, here are my four recommendations,
but like the playing around and the dead ends
are really, really valuable.
- Yeah.
- Came out in the audience says,
The cookie cutter approach also works beautifully
from a DevOps perspective for setting up developers
to use your firm's specific infrastructure.
Yeah, I totally agree.
And that's a little bit of what I was hinting at
of like, here's how we integrate with this,
like uptime manager and stuff.
But obviously DevOps, that was talk,
we were deploying to a server in a closet.
Which, I mean, that tells you all you need to know.
- Yeah.
- Speaking of stuff you might need to know, Brian,
Google Copilot and these code writing AIs,
I have more to say about that at the very end of the show,
bookend this a little bit.
They train themselves on lots of code.
And Google Copilot, for those of you who don't know,
you basically can give it a comment
and it's like, I want to connect to a Postgres database
with SQLAlchemy.
And then boom, it'll like literally write all the code,
import the usings, you know,
come up with a connection string, all that kind of stuff.
It's pretty fantastic.
has some privacy issues.
I don't know what it's doing now.
It used to send your source code that you wrote up to GitHub
which made me not wanna use it already.
But the big news here is,
the website githubcopilotlitigation.com.
And that's as ominous as it sounds.
It says, "We filed,"
this is what the website sort of announces,
We fought a lawsuit challenging GitHub Copilot,
an AI product that relies on unprecedented
open source software piracy.
Why piracy?
Because it's trained on things that are like GPL
and Creative Commons share alike or attribution.
And then it outputs code based on that original input
that has no GPL and it has no,
you know, whatever license, right?
The license is stripped and no attribution.
What do you think?
Something we talked about from the very beginning of like, how is this okay?
Yeah.
Not sure.
Absolutely.
If it did things like we're only going to look at MIT licenses and other commercial open no attribution licenses,
I don't think there'd be anything to say about it.
But apparently that's not the case.
So there's a couple of updates as well.
I suppose we should also like they do on this page say we are not a lawyer. Please don't take legal advice from us
We write code
not a
legal documents, but nonetheless it says this is Matthew Butterick and
They've set up to investigate Google Copilot and they fought a class-action lawsuit in the US
Federal Court in San Francisco on behalf of a couple folks. So they're challenging the legality of
of GitHub Copilot and a related product,
OpenAI Codex, which powers Copilot.
The suit has been filed against a set of defendants that includes GitHub,
Microsoft, and OpenAI.
Wow.
Hmm.
There's an update down here somewhere.
Let's see.
It says, "By training," here's the motivation for their
lawsuit. By training their AI systems on public GitHub repositories,
though based on their public statements, possibly much more,
we contend that the defendants have violated the legal rights of a vast number of creators
who posted code or other work under certain open source licenses on GitHub,
which licenses a set of 11 popular open source licenses that all require attribution
the author's name and copyright, including, I guess, the MIT license as well, the GPL and the Apache license.
and it's listed out there.
There's a whole bunch more details and it says update
November 10th, that original was November 3rd.
There's an update here.
This is we filed a second class action lawsuit
on behalf of two additional plaintiffs.
The defendants and claimants are otherwise similar
to the initial one.
So there you go.
It's gonna be interesting.
It's not gonna be just interesting for Google,
GitHub Copilot, but basically AI in general, right?
It says it's going to challenge that AI strips
the ownership and other requirements
of inputs and outputs, right?
And maybe it does, maybe it doesn't.
I mean, we heard that APIs are not copyrightable
in the Google Oracle Java lawsuit.
So we're gonna find out here.
- Oh, interesting.
- Yeah, I mean, like, when we looked into this
a little bit earlier, if it's helping you
fill in parameters to a function,
or what likely things you're gonna fill in
for a function call, that's one thing.
But when it plops down like 20 lines of code for you,
where did it get those 20 lines of code?
And then, I mean, open source doesn't necessarily mean
you can copy it, it's just open to read.
I mean, you can have a, you can put your own license in there.
You can make up your own license that says anybody can read this,
but you can't copy it, use it,
or do anything else with it at all.
Can't even fork it.
There's nothing stopping you from doing that sort of a license.
>> Right. Or the default,
if you put on GitHub, I believe,
if you put no license means you have no,
you're conferring no license whatsoever, right?
>> Yeah. It means it's just like writing a book.
you can't, when you write a book,
you have the full copyright,
unless you give it to somebody else.
- Yeah, absolutely.
All right, well, let's stick with my screen for a second.
I wanna tell you all about our sponsor for this week,
Compiler.
So this episode of Python Bytes
is sponsored by the Compiler podcast from Red Hat.
Like you, Brian and I are fans of podcasts.
I listen to them more and more these days, actually.
And I'm happy to share this one,
Compiler, an original podcast from Red Hat.
So if you wanna stay on top of tech
without dedicating tons of time to it,
check out Compiler.
They present perspectives and topics
and insights from the tech industry
free of jargon and judgment.
They wanna discover where technology is headed
beyond headlines and create a place
for new IT professionals to learn, grow, and thrive.
Compiler helps people break through barriers
and challenges turning code into community
at all levels of the enterprise.
One recent interesting episode is their great stack debate.
I love talking to people about their architecture,
their code, all the trade-offs and conventions.
As you will see later in the show,
I'm gonna talk a bit about that at the end as well for us.
And the costs that come with this, the challenges,
things that are awesome, things that are not.
So this episode is like that.
So you can check it out to see if software is like an onion
or like lasagna or it's more complicated.
It's the first episode in a compiler series
on the software stack.
So listen to more about compiler at pythonbytes.com.
So you can just go type compiler into your podcast player
and that's what I would do in general,
but please use our link so that the folks at Red Hat
know that it came from us.
- Yes.
- Yes, and thanks to compiler
for keeping our podcast going strong.
All right, over to you, Brian, what's the next one?
- so this is a silly thing,
but sometimes I've got code that I wanna,
Python code that I wanna have a pop-up,
you know, a window pop-up.
And I've always been using, what is it?
PySimpleGUI?
Well, not always, but that's what I've been using lately
for like really easy, just a simple pop-up thing,
especially if I needed to use run on max
and really anywhere,
because it's like totally fast to get it done.
and I don't have to think about it anymore.
However, PySimpleGUI doesn't,
I don't, I haven't mastered the art of getting it
to look just like a native dialog box.
It's, and maybe there's some tricks that you can do
that I just don't know, but if I'm on,
if I know it's on Windows,
maybe we could just go ahead and use the Windows DLLs
and do that, a native Windows.
- Just call straight into the Windows 132 API
for, you know,
- Yeah, sure.
- Message box,
- That could be,
- Or whatever it is.
- That shouldn't be too hard, right?
- No.
- It sounds scary to me,
but I ran across Matt Callahan's blog.
Matt Callahan has an article called,
Display a Message Box in Python
without using a non-standard library or other dependency.
Actually, you can just do this.
You don't have to install anything.
And I got this, I want to,
where did I get this from?
Give credit where credit is due.
I got this from the PyCorders Weekly Newsletter.
So thanks to them.
Anyway, this is not hard.
So he has a little pop-up example
and I should have read the article
but I was just skimmed for the code.
Here's some code, that's it.
This pop makes a dialog box pops pop up
and it's calling the, so it calls,
it's just like a couple of flags,
it's like 10 lines of code.
It calls C types, when DLL user 32 message box,
E, X, W, whatever that means.
And with some stuff in it,
like a title and a message and everything.
So it's using C types, which I don't use much,
but you know, you can to get into DLLs.
So C types is built into Python.
And so this message box,
I wanted to play with it a little bit more.
So as I was playing with this,
looked into the Microsoft documentation,
the message box dialogue,
there's a, one of the flags is this U type
and it's like this hex value thing or a bit field.
And you can orient a whole bunch of stuff.
So you can use this to get like an okay box
or an okay cancel box,
different types of dialogue boxes using this flag.
And then once you've got this popped up,
how do you, you need to know like what users
clicked on and stuff.
So there's return values from this
and you can just like check the return value
and it's defined to be like, you know,
a three for abort and a two for cancel and one for okay.
And you can just check this value.
So with just a little bit of code,
you can have a native dialog box pop up
if you need to in your code.
- Yeah, that's awesome.
And it does things like natively that you would expect.
Like for example, you hit escape
and you have an okay cancel, it'll return cancel.
I hate some of these like UI things,
they show up and you're like,
well, it's got one text input and a submit button.
You hit enter, it does nothing.
You're like, yeah, great.
Okay, apparently this is not real.
I'm gonna have to just, you know,
go click it or whatever, right?
So hooking into the native OS is sweet like that.
This looks like a thing that would be ripe
for a short, simple little package that wraps up,
say all the--
- The okay cancel.
- I thought you mean, yeah, the okay cancel,
what kind of icon you want.
Do you want like a warning?
Do you want an informational icon?
The buttons?
Yeah, it seems really great, but this is fantastic.
- So neat and built in.
Neat.
So anyway, just a quickie.
- Yeah, it comes included and yeah, I really like it.
And it's also a bit of a roadmap
to show what you could do beyond that, right?
There's more than just really simple dialog boxes.
For example, like the open file dialog box
on Windows could probably be real similar, right?
- Oh yeah, probably.
As soon as I was looking it up,
there's a whole bunch of dialogue boxes you got access to.
- Yeah, exactly.
So it's like a roadmap to like,
well, I can like create a file or, you know,
any of these things, which I think is pretty cool.
All right, let's flip away from OS specific to OS general,
but stick with PyCoders for a minute.
So this one also comes from PyCoders.
I don't know if it's the same issue or not, but very cool.
It says write Chrome extensions,
which also mean like Brave and Vivaldi and others, Edge maybe.
Write Chrome extensions in Python.
Oh, how does it work?
PyScript, of course.
So, yeah, we just take PyScript
and this is an article by Pete Fiston
and it sort of walks through how he was able
to use PyScript, which is Python on WebAssembly
running in the browser, to use that
to power a Chrome extension.
And it doesn't really matter if it's a bit
of a nine meg download because you install it once
and it's local on your computer, right?
So it just, if you wanna do this,
it walks you through all the things you gotta do
in order to use PyScript to write Chrome extensions,
or Python to write Chrome extensions.
What do you think?
Cool?
Even shows you how to put an icon.
>> That's pretty cool.
>> Yeah. But I have more for you.
Just so in case people don't know,
this is an extra, extra,
extra hero about this section
because I'm going to hit a whole bunch of things.
As of recently,
just published this episode, let me look,
31 minutes ago, and it says PyScript powered by MicroPython.
One of the challenges that PyScript has had traditionally is
it's based on the full, nearly the full CPython runtime
compiled into WebAssembly,
which after you strip a bunch out
that doesn't work in the browser,
it comes down to like nine megabytes.
Okay, for like this browser extension thing,
that's reasonable, but for, you would never use it
in place of like Vue.js on a popular page
because you want that page to load quickly,
you want it to be good for SEO, all those things.
But you know what's small and fast?
MicroPython.
- Oh, neat.
- So I just had Brett Cannon, Nicholas Toliver
and Fabio Flieger on Talk Python
to talk about the work that they're doing
to make PyScript not run on full CPython,
but to run on MicroPython.
- Oh, wow.
- MicroPython, you can get that to load up
in 100 milliseconds on your page,
and it's only a couple hundred K.
all of a sudden that starts to sound a lot like a pretty rich
front end framework level of stuff you got to download and
get started and you cash it, then you're, you're good to go.
That's exciting, huh?
That's super exciting.
Yeah.
So this Chrome extension thing is cool.
When you look at the shipping version, I don't know if you can
call it shipping because the price script is still like super alpha,
but what you can get today.
So Nicholas said probably spring,
that they'll have something to share,
but in terms of being able to use MicroPython,
but I think that's pretty excellent.
That could really, really unlock some super cool features.
If now we could build like a Vue.js type thing,
but with Python.
And one of the goals that they stated is
that they're looking to build this as a framework,
or excuse me, a platform that you can build frameworks
on top of.
So it's not just, here's how you write some Python code
in the browser, but here's a foundation
that people could create like a PyView or a PyAngular
or whatever they wanted to create, right?
- So, question just for my own personal use,
is would Chrome extensions work on Vivaldi?
- Yeah, yeah, they do.
- One of the thing that's interesting about Vivaldi,
and I think it probably affects its reporting a little bit,
when you look at the user agent of Vivaldi,
it's exactly the user agent of Chrome.
So it lies to the world and tells the world it's Chrome.
There's no user agent for Vivaldi.
It's just whatever version of Chrome it's like using.
So when you go to the Chrome web store,
it's like put this in Chrome, you click it and yeah, it goes.
So it worked perfectly, sure.
- Cool.
- Yes, and John Sheehan says, yes, they do.
All right, next extra, extra, extra.
Brian, I've been excited a little bit about Mastodon.
I don't know if you notice.
- Yeah, me too.
- I know, it's fantastic.
It's really tons of great interactions.
And I started putting in our show notes,
which you'll see when I publish this,
your Mastodon account and mine,
so people can connect with us
and have even more conversations over there.
But there was a really interesting article by Eugene,
the guy who created Mastodon called some,
I've been looking and looking,
it's about scaling Mastodon
and the challenges they were having.
And boy, it's, I would love to link to it,
but I just can't find it.
But it's so, it's written in Ruby, right?
And so it talks so much about,
these are the challenges of scaling out threads.
And, oh, we have this thing called a gill
and it really doesn't allow you to use threads very easily.
And here's, there's just, it was so interesting to look at,
at how a technology that doesn't have asyncio
and async and await, getting all tangled up,
trying to do IO based things.
So it's like, well, can we have,
maybe we should have 10 to 20 threads
to do the network communication.
But if we have more than 20,
then we get like a context switching
and contention in the operating system,
you know, that just comes with having OS threads.
Well, guess what?
You can do really well with no threads or one thread.
You can talk to web, you can call other websites,
you can receive web requests,
and the mechanism for doing that in Python is async
and await and asyncio requires no additional threads,
very, very little overhead, no contact switching.
So this project by Andrew,
by Andrew, I'm sorry if I am not getting,
Andrew Godwin, sorry, forgot his last name for a moment,
of Django Channel said, "What if I rewrote this
"but in Python with an async and a wait?"
Okay?
- Okay. - So,
there's a bunch of challenges of running Mastodon.
People wanna have their own server
because they're like, "Oh, I want my own server
"so I'm not stuck in one of these communities
"and beholden to them."
The problem is, every one of those
is like a standalone DevOps adventure.
There's tons of like things working together
and it's a lot of work, right?
It'd be better if you put,
like host more of them on one machine
and sort of scale that up in a nice way.
So this one lets you host multiple domains
for small to medium instances
and it's written with async and await,
which is pretty awesome.
So yeah, anyway, I think you should check this out.
I didn't know if I cut you trying to pronounce it.
>> Takahe? I don't know.
I'm going to go with that.
>> Of course, Andrew Godwin just said,
I can probably write this in Python
and get it out in a couple of weeks.
>> I think it was like five days or something.
I'll give you guys the first instance.
Key features, multiple domain support,
multiple identities per user,
which is interesting.
a desktop mobile and PWA compatible.
Again, how many days?
And easy deployment, a web worker, a background worker,
and one database, not all this crazy, crazy stuff.
So anyway, people can check it out.
Let's check out the requirements,
see what we got going on here.
UVicorn for an HTTPX.
I mean, that pretty much says it right there.
Oh, interesting, it's based on Django HTMX.
is pretty interesting as some of the building blocks,
but yeah, super cool.
So there's another one.
All right.
We just had our Black Friday sale over at Talk Python.
- Cool. - And that was really excellent.
Sold a bunch of courses.
We sold some pytest courses, by the way.
- Yeah. - But I...
- I'm just excited because sometimes we have
these sort of conversations about,
you've like cool sales and stuff,
and I'm glad that I get to be a part of that now.
- We've done other fun things where like,
we couldn't sell your book through them
because it's through the publisher.
And I guess, yeah, it gets tricky, right?
So I'm really excited as well.
So we did our Black Friday sale and guess what?
I noticed something a little bit unusual.
It said, after a little bit,
I opened up Glances on the main web server and said,
CPU usage is 85%.
I'm like, oh, that's not so good.
88, 91, 92, uh-oh.
But what was super interesting was Nginx,
not Python, was the thing getting hammered.
So both Nginx workers were like almost 100%
and Python was just chilling.
I'm like, okay, that is a really interesting story
for Python performance that something amazing like Nginx
that people say is fast all the time is the bottleneck.
And it turned out it survived, but just barely, right?
If it were like twice as bad, it would have keeled over,
which would have been bad.
So I talked to a bunch of people about this,
and I realized that there's one HTTP response,
I gotta spell that better,
and 12 CSS files, 43 images,
and one JavaScript file on the page I was sending them.
So I'm like, all right,
maybe I should try to use some interesting CDN,
which I had got a recommendation from one of our listeners,
but otherwise hadn't heard about, what a cool service.
So now we have 112 different locations
serving up those static files.
- Nice. - And just processing.
So I went back today when we did our Cyber Monday
and I said, when I, that was yesterday,
when I pushed out the announcement for Cyber Monday closing
and I pulled up the real-time data, look at that traffic.
That's CSS and JavaScript and images.
1.4 gigabytes a second.
- Oh my God.
- It's insane, dude.
And check this out on the server.
This is the most important part.
3% CPU usage on NGINX and across the whole computer,
across all of the micro-WSGI processes,
just a couple of more percent.
- Save the end to the rescue.
- Exactly.
But the thing that's also interesting is that Python
is just like, yeah, it was nothing.
Like we can take that, but it's all those static files.
So anyway, I put that right up together for people
in order to serve out that data,
paid $2, right, for 0.35 terabytes.
And by the way, it's going right now.
Oh, it's got a refresh here.
They have these cool real-time maps and whatnot,
but that little spike right there
is when I released the Talk Python episode,
and that's about four and a half terabytes per second.
which is just insane.
So anyway, I totally recommend people check this out.
It's super fun.
- You're reaching people all over the world.
That's pretty cool.
- Yeah, isn't that amazing?
You get all these different locations.
I think it lost its WebSocket connection
'cause it stopped updating.
It's like, there's a little warning.
This live monitor is like a little bit of a suggestion
of how things might be, but yeah, anyway.
- Yeah, what's up with Alaska people not listening?
- Hey Alaska. - Yeah man, come on.
Yeah, they're gonna have to CDN over to Canada or anyway.
So not that, this final one here,
no, not final one, second to final one
of the read all about it or hear all about it.
Reader five, I'm actually been really getting back into RSS.
And do you still do RSS Brian? - I never left.
- Yeah, what's your RSS story these days like?
No, I use a Pidley on my phone just to keep up on stuff.
- Nice, I'd switch to things like Zite,
which is sadly gone and Flipboard
and these sort of like Apple News like things
where they kind of curate a bunch of different sources.
I'm like, you know what?
There's a bunch of great places I would really like
to just directly get them from and curate a little more
than just I suggest more Python
because do you know how many times my Python channel
and then like Flipboard has woman scared of Python
that comes out of toilet.
Like, you know, no, not that Python, really not.
(laughing)
And so I've just been super loving,
I've been using Reader 5 with two E's
and what a nice piece of software this thing is for 10 bucks.
- Okay. - Really, really cool.
Yeah, so.
- We'll check it out.
- Yeah, and another thing I would like,
if people have awesome recommendations for blogs,
especially Python blogs that I should be following
or people listeners should be following,
put that on the YouTube channel comments
or send it to us on Mastodon or Twitter.
And maybe I'll give a shout out
to the ones that are extra good, but very, very cool.
Let's see, check this out.
There's a podcast called Sing for Science.
And on season three, episode eight,
which just came out six days ago,
Rivers Cuomo of Weezer and Guido Van Rossum
sit down for a conversation.
How cool is that?
- That's pretty cool.
- That's really cool.
- So have you listened to it?
- Yeah, I listened to it.
I grabbed my phone and my dog and went for a walk
and listened to it 'cause the sun came out
and that was rare right now.
So yeah, it's really interesting.
- Neat.
- It's a lot of the host talking to Rivers
and talking to Guido and a little bit of interaction.
I would love to let him more facilitation
of them two talking directly, but both great people.
Rivers is awesome.
He does really cool stuff with Python.
I had him on Talk Python 327, little automation tools,
which was fun.
So yeah, he's a legit developer these days,
which is pretty neat.
All right, final thing, Brian, final extra, extra, extra.
We started with, I started at least my segment
with AI coding and I'm gonna end it with AI coding kite.
Do you remember kite?
It was like the original GitHub copilot.
- Yeah.
- Yeah, unfortunately they are shutting down.
So they've been around for 10 years or so, not quite.
Seven years, something like that.
- Really?
- Quite a while, but they're shutting down.
So thanks for all the code, I suppose.
And that's it.
That's all I got for all my extras.
- I wanna add one.
So we talked to Simon Willison,
talked to one thing I didn't mention about in his talk
is he encouraged people to write blogs
because there's not that,
blogs were huge for a while
and then everybody was doing it
and now not so much.
And so you do get noticed more if you're writing a blog.
I think that that's a good thing.
Plus you can link, we can link to it easier
if you've got your article on a blog.
- Absolutely.
- But also, and RSS wise,
Planet Python is something I still check out.
So planetpython.org, if you haven't heard of it,
it has, you can either have the full content,
so you can read, and it pulls all of this through RSS
from different blogs.
And so if you have, and titles only,
if you have a Python blog or you're starting one,
check out planetpython.org
try to get your name on the list,
maybe put out like three or four articles first
and then try to get your name on the list
or your blog on the list.
And that way it gets seen by people like us,
even if you don't notify us.
- Yeah, that's excellent.
I didn't subscribe to that
'cause I feel like it's a little bit
too much of everything,
but I went through all the recent posts and said,
this writer looks interesting
or this source looks interesting
and like subscribe directly.
So I kind of used it to start my exploration
of those things I wanted to subscribe to.
- Yeah, not a bad idea.
And you know they have RSS feeds
'cause they're in here.
- Exactly.
Since you brought it up,
I just wanna also point out
one of my roadblocks of writing a lot was,
well, I don't have time to write an article,
something well thought out,
and a thousand words, and that.
You know what?
My new philosophy has been,
let's just write really short posts.
Here's one about a fun thing I did with spammers,
and it's like three paragraphs.
Or here's one about a Stalin, something as a PWA,
it's two pictures and four paragraphs.
And you don't have to write essay,
like long essays to contribute interesting things
and ideas, I think.
So I just keep following up on that.
- Yeah, my thoughts are if it's gonna be a thread,
make it a post instead.
- Yeah, exactly, exactly.
All right, well, my jokes have vanished.
I had a cool joke on social media and it got taken down.
It was very funny.
It was totally benign.
I don't know why it's gone, but whatever.
And then by the way, following up on this,
Jeremy Page says, "You could also RSS Mastodon users."
Okay, that's--
- And Mastodon hashtags as well.
- Okay, yeah, I follow the Python hashtag over there.
I could RSS it, I suppose.
Excellent, all right.
Brian, so do you have a joke for us?
- Yeah, so speaking of Mastodon, on Mastodon,
I said, I'm getting a lot of great Python content
on Mastodon, but I need some joke people to like,
I need some nerd jokes.
So I'm asking for people.
And this, somebody didn't tell me a person to follow.
I'm still looking for people to follow with good jokes.
So if you send them my way,
or send me their way if you know of people.
But here's one that I got from somebody I'm asked it on.
So I got it from, who did I get this from?
I should probably give credit.
So this came from Steven Box.
Nice, thanks Steven.
So exit condition from monkeyuser.com.
So it took me a while to get this.
So there's a couple of people sitting at a desk,
pair programming or guessing,
and then somebody else that's frustrated.
they hear wait, and he says, the frustrated guy says,
that's it.
And he starts going towards a door that's labeled recursion.
And somebody says, wait, there's no, I'm going in.
He goes in and he gets into the other side and says, wait,
he's the person trying to say, wait.
- Oh my gosh.
- There's no exit condition.
So it's a dumb joke, but.
It's really good and it's got some clever,
the cartoon is clever where like the speech
of the other one is off screen.
So it kind of looks like it comes from the original group,
but in fact is coming from the recursion of the first one.
And yeah, it's.
- Yeah.
Okay, well, one more.
Somebody said I should follow Olafer White.
Anyways, I just thought this was dumb and funny.
Bobby pin?
- No, I go by my full name, Robert Pindle.
(laughing)
And it reminded me of the Bobby Tables thing.
- So yeah, that's exactly, I love it.
All right, well, thank you everyone for listening
and Brian, thanks for being here.
- Thank you.
- Yeah, you bet.
Bye everyone.
- We'll talk to you, bye.